There are three dependencies that we need to add to our app in order
to use LDAP. It's easy to miss that these are from different group
IDs, so pay extra close attention to that.
The first dependency is the spring‑ldap‑core artifact from
the org.springframework.ldap groupId.
This dependency is used for all LDAP libraries and interactions for Spring.
The next dependency is the spring‑security‑ldap artifact. It is
from the org.springframework.security group.
It is actually from this different groupId because it contains just the
interfaces to deal with LDAP and security‑related protocols.
The last dependency is an artifact from unboundid for the
ldapsdk. This is actually the LDAP server we're going to
use for testing our app out.
It will create an in‑memory LDAP instance for us to test against. Let's add these into our app now.